Mom told me everything.
It must've surprised you.
I'm sorry...
- I'm sorry for leaving.
- Listen to me first.
There's something I must tell you.
Go ahead.
Please don't be surprised
to what I have to say.
Sure.
Ji An,
you must not...
You must not go to them.
Pardon me?
First, I must apologize
for making you suffer.
Towards you, Ji Soo,
Ji Tae, Ji Ho, and even your mother,
I'm sorry for everything.
Why do you say such things?
You...
Are you going to them...
so you can get a job?
It's not because they're rich, is it?
That's not the only reason.
Then is it because of our situation?
Are you worried that they might do us harm?
That's only part of it.
Then...
if you get a job...
I mean, if you can study abroad,
would you stay?
Dad,
do you want to stop me from going to them?
No,
that's not it.
Your decision...
Your decision is what matters.
I wanted to know why you made that decision.
They asked me to come.
I understand them.
Then if they say you don't have to come,
would you stay with us?
Even Mom said I must go.
And I can always pay you a visit.
I mean, if they say you don't need to come,
and if they say...
that they'll forgive us...
You...
You don't want to go, right?
Of course, Dad.
I don't want to go.
This is my home.
I want to go.
What... What?
I...
I also feel sorry for...
Ji Soo, Ji Ho, and Ji Tae.
But I want to go.
You... You want to go?
It's not because you must,
but you want to go?
Why?
You want to go?
I know you suffered,
but do you really want to leave so easily like this?
Yes, I want to go.
I suffered so much.
I wanted to kill myself. There's nothing I can do.
- Ji An. - Living like this...
I'm sick of living like this.
When other people ignore me and despise me,
it makes me so miserable, poor, and servile.
I can't stand it anymore.
I mean,
if it's because of getting a job, I'll try my best...
Why do you want to stop me?
Why shouldn't I go?
I...
I could've been a regular employee,
but...
But her dad got her the job.
That's how the world goes. No matter how much I try,
I already didn't deserve to get it.
I already don't have good grades or qualifications.
How could I get good grades...
when I was working at the same time?
How can I win against kids who got pocket money,
had private lessons, and studied abroad?
I'm sorry.
Why can't I be a daughter of a rich family?
My real parents are conglomerates.
Why can't I go when they're rich?
I mean,
why did you even pick me up in the first place?
I'm sorry.
Ji An.
Ji Soo.
What are you doing here? You should be at work.
Are you not feeling well?
I left early to see you.
I must tell you something.
You could've done that after work.
I thought I would forget it then.
I'm going to Yoon Hee's wedding.
Let's talk about it later.
I know why I feel sad and keep crying.
I couldn't believe it at first,
and I was sad that you're not my sister.
I thought it was because I couldn't live with you.
But that wasn't it.
What do you mean?
It was because I couldn't understand you.
Well, you're not me.
You're leaving us because they're rich.
You're going because they're conglomerates.
- Can't I do that? - Of course you can't.
Why can't I? They're my birth parents.
I'm going to my parents' house.
You're making Mom and Dad miserable.
What?
If you leave, that means...
our parents are poor and incompetent.
You're blaming them...
for not being able to build your resume...
or get a job.
How can you hurt them like that?
Are you finished?
So take back what you said about leaving us.
If you go,
I will never see you again.
Hey, Seo Ji Soo!
How can you leave us as soon as you found out?
We are your family.
We spent our whole life with you.
Do we have to be related by blood to be a family?
You can go and visit your birth parents.
Why would you leave us?
This is your home.
I'm your twin sister.
We are your family.
This won't make any difference.
I'm still their daughter and your sister.
I'm going to come home every day,
have dinner together every night,
and give them a big allowance.
Then why are you leaving?
Because I don't want to be pathetic anymore.
So please give me a break, okay?
So you are leaving because of money.
Hey! How can you leave us just for money?
Just for money?
Do you know what money is?
Do you know about suffering?
Do you know how I have been living?
You only lounge around. You know nothing.
I don't care if others criticize me.
But you don't have the right to criticize me.
Anyone but you.
What is that supposed to mean?
We were born as twin sisters.
No, I thought we were twin sisters.
When I took care of you as I your big sister,
what did you do?
You didn't study.
You just did and ate everything you wanted.
Are you now scolding me for how much I eat?
Are you now laughing at me? Are you?
No, you were just adorable.
I laughed because you were cute.
- I think not. - No, really.
And Ji Soo.
No matter what, I'm leaving.
That's my decision.
So let's not make this any more painful.
Have you really made up your mind?
I'm going to be late for the wedding. Bye.
Hey, Ji An!
You're not my sister anymore. I'm serious.
If you leave, we're done!
Ji Soo, don't say that. It's already hard for me.
The number you have dialed is not available...
He should have at least called me...
if he left after saying that he will make a mess.
(Ji An)
Mom.
Ji An.
Did you meet your dad?
You were surprised, right?
Mom,
I'll leave earlier than planned.
What?
It's so hard to face Dad...
and Ji Soo too.
You set up her room very quickly.
Director Oh must have outdone herself.
I paid her way more than usual.
I see.
(Yang Mi Jung)
Ji An is ready.
Given our family's circumstances,
I believe it'd be better if she left earlier.
How about tomorrow?
Get this house cleaned. Make sure it's spotless.
Yes, ma'am.
Myung Hee.
Jin Hee.
I heard you found Eun Seok.
Myung Hee, how can you not tell me?
What's going on?
Do you still blame me?
Do you still believe that it was my fault?
Now, shall we go to the...
She's sleeping.
Hello?
Myung Hee, where are you?
Why do you ask?
Are you okay? He didn't get you yet?
What are you talking about?
I heard your husband got someone to tail you.
Didn't he get you yet?
My husband has someone tailing me?
Stop joking around, Jin Hee.
If I was joking, I wouldn't warn you.
For our family's sake,
I'm stopping him from ruining your reputation.
What?
Come to Nanny's house in Yangpyeong.
Let her tend to Eun Seok, and let's leave together.
I thought we cleared that after you woke up.
- Was that only one-sided? - Don't assume.
When will you stop? It's vulgar.
Vulgar?
You're always prying around.
What do you want to know? Why did you barge in?
Myung Hee.
We were to visit Ms. Jin at the hospital.
I came in because you didn't call.
I was passing by after my work out.
I saw a truck, and the door was open.
Your sister came in through your open door.
Prying?
Vulgar?
Are you going through menopause too?
I see. I'm sorry.
I forgot to tell you that I couldn't make it.
I made a mistake.
You surprised me from behind so many times.
Let's stop here. I can't outtalk you.
By the way,
when are you bringing her home?
It looks like she'll be here today or tomorrow.
Meet her when I introduce her later.
Don't you think...
she should learn about her own family before you?
How did she grow up?
You must have an idea if Dad told you. Why ask?
This is a waste of time.
You should leave. I have a lot to do.
Where are your husband and Do Kyung?
Do Kyung is at the gym.
And Jae Sung is golfing with the Entrepreneur...
Association of Seoul National University.
(Late Choi Eun Seok)
Your lease won't end anytime soon.
I guess you are planning to relocate her ashes.
I'll take this out. You can go.
Daughter, congratulations on your 11th birthday.
I love you.
(Daughter, congratulations on your 11th birthday.)
(I love you.)
(Myung Hee)
Yes, it's me.
Golf?
Oh, it's almost over.
Eun Seok is coming tomorrow?
Yes, I want to go.
I wanted to kill myself. There's nothing I can do.
When other people ignore me and despise me,
it makes me so miserable, poor, and servile.
I can't stand it anymore.
Why can't I be a daughter of a rich family?
Why did you even pick me up in the first place?
Excuse me.
Sir.
Yes?
Are you all right?
Yes.
We had a report that you haven't moved an inch...
standing right here for over an hour.
Can you show us your ID?
Sure.
You live in this area.
What were you doing here?
Nothing... Nothing much. I was just standing.
This is a children's playground.
I think kids were very scared.
Oh, I see. Seeing an old man here...
must've scared them a lot.
I'm sorry.
I'm okay.
I apologize.
- Mom, I'm scared. - It's all right.
Please don't worry. He lives in this area.
But how could he... stand there like that...
without budging for over an hour?
Gosh, doesn't his legs hurt?
Kids were scared.
- Just a second. - Why?
How am I? Do I look all right?
Of course. I bet you'll put the groom to shame.
You'll definitely outshine Jae Rok.
You think so?
Why do you look so dashing today?
I'm serious.
You're envious, aren't you?
- Let's go, darling. - Sorry.
What was that about? I'm speechless.
He could do better than you.
What is her problem? Goodness.
- Myung Shin. - Hey, Ji An.
- What's up? - Why are you so late?
A couple teased me.
The woman was like, "Aren't you envious?"
She's too honest.
- Let's go in. - Okay.
This is my boyfriend.
- Hello. - Hello.
I'm Seo Ji Tae. Congratulations.
Now, I know why Soo A has been hiding you from us.
I'm Choi Jae Rok.
I used to chase after Soo A back in the days.
Hey, Jae Rok. Cut it out.
Why are you joking around on your wedding day?
He wasn't the only guy.
Soo A was the most popular girl in our club.
Guys loved how chic and cool she is.
Chic and cool? I guess you used that in college too.
I also fell for that charm of hers.
Enough already. I'm getting old now.
Exactly. That's why you need to get hitched soon.
When will you two get married?
We won't get married.
Pardon?
Oh, haven't I told you?
We don't believe in marriage.
They'll stay together without getting married.
We've decided against getting married,
but we hope your marriage to be full of happiness.
Yes, thank you.
I wish you a happy life.
Did your doctor husband teach you that?
Lamaze breathing for week 12 of pregnancy?
By the way, why isn't Myung Shin here yet?
She's best friends with Ji An.
I knew they wouldn't come.
Ji An may not come, but Myung Shin should.
Yoon Hee, why don't I have to be here?
What is it? Were you hoping I wouldn't come?
Not at all. You didn't get your contract renewed,
so I figured you probably wouldn't want to come.
Hey, how can I not come to your wedding?
We're close friends.
Ha Jung, you're here too.
Hi, Ji An.
She only found out that day when she got the job.
Her dad told her just before she met us.
Yoon Hee knows.
Ha Jung told me that she heard about it on her way.
I was going to tell you,
but I couldn't because you had to leave.
I see.
Here's the 4,000 dollars.
Sorry I couldn't give you the entire sum at once.
4,000 dollars?
The settlement money. I got 1,000 from my old job,
- and this is the rest. - Settlement money?
Ha Jung, you said you had a fight with Ji An.
But settlement money?
I haven't told you girls any details.
I almost lost two front teeth that day.
I heard you went to Jae Rok's dental clinic.
Was it for those teeth?
Jae Rok told me that those teeth are loose...
because of gum infection.
You said they've been like that for a long time.
Now, I can see your scenario.
- Hey, Ha Jung. - Girls, that's enough.
We're at Yoon Hee's wedding.
And it is true that I beat Ha Jung to a pulp.
I might be in jail now if she didn't settle.
Take it. I promised to give you this money.
There are people who do bad things...
and make others take the blame.
This is making my blood boil.
Hey, Ha Jung.
How could you do that?
You pushed your friend out of her job...
and even demanded settlement money from her.
Just be grateful that you didn't die that day.
Myung Shin!
I won't ask my dad to help you find a job.
She was holding her breath to flatten her stomach.
- Yes. - Even her face was red.
I bet Ha Jung's neck is all twisted now.
She probably got a herniated disc.
She kept turning around and looking at us.
Enough already.
Had I known, I would've taught her a lesson.
How could she steal a friend's job?
Ji An, are you okay?
About what?
- Yes, I'm fine. - How can you be fine?
You lost your job and a friend.
You're right.
You can move tomorrow. Come home and pack up.
- Oh, Su Kyung! - Girls!
- It's been so long! - You became beautiful.
- How have you been? - Good. You look amazing.
What have you been up to? What about you?
Oh, isn't that your sister?
Yes.
No, it's not.
It is her. I saw her at the bank.
- Let's go. - Why are we leaving?
You won't say hi to her?
There's no need.
You said you're hungry. Why don't you want to eat?
Hey, Ji Tae.
What are we?
Hey, you're going too far.
It has nothing to do with not saying hi to Ji An.
Am I a cockroach?
Are we two cockroaches?
Did we decide to date secretly or what?
Can't I even meet your family?
Did we do something wrong?
There's no need because we're only dating.
Dating is only between us.
Marriage is what involves our families.
We won't get married. Why would you meet my family?
And we said we'd never fight about these things.
Don't you remember?
You sure keep your words.
I'm a man of my word.
Ji Tae.
You said you'd never get married, right?
Yes.
You're sure, right?
You're asking me that after four years with me?
You've been with me for this long knowing that.
Why are you asking me about it again?
Then I should go to Canada.
My mom wants to introduce me to a guy at her church.
Go ahead.
I may not come back if I like him.
Will you let me know that you won't be coming back?
- Why are you so angry? - You're such a jerk.
I know that we've decided not to get married,
but you should do all other things for me, jerk.
Like what?
Being jealous.
You used to say you like how inattentive I am.
Next news.
A job seeker in her 20s who borrowed money...
from a loan shark took her own life.
Ms. Han, a college student...
borrowed 4,000 dollars from moneylender Mr. Ko.
But she couldn't pay the interests.
Police found out that he even forced her...
to work at a bar in Sinsa-dong, Gangnam-gu.
- Gosh, it hurts. - Police are...
Gosh, seriously.
(Franchisee Yang Mi Jung)
Fill out the forms and send them to us.
Our business development team will contact you.
We were going to open a corporate store there,
so the location is good.
I'm home.
Oh, you're back.
Where's Dad?
He's not back yet.
Let's sit down.
They say you should move right in...
since tomorrow is Sunday.
That's so soon.
You'll move out anyway, so staying here longer...
will just make you and all of us uncomfortable.
You made the right decision.
I'm sorry, Mom.
Even to me,
all of this still feels so strange and surreal.
I know how distressed you've been.
I'm sorry too. For forcing you to leave.
But you leaving us doesn't change the fact...
that me and Dad...
are your parents.
Of course. I know that.
However,
as soon as you move in there...
ask them to send you abroad for studies.
Studies abroad?
Parents always end up giving in.
Just pester them. Make sure you do that, okay?
Go to the art school in Chicago.
I'll think about it.
No, you have to do it.
It's my wish.
That's why I'm sending you to that family.
I want you to pursue your dreams again.
There's no age limit in becoming an artist.
You can become successful anytime...
as long as you get proper education.
I'll visit you often.
I won't let her visit you...
until she turns over a new leaf.
Don't be discouraged...
when you go there.
Live your life.
("TOEIC", "Guide for Job Seekers")
Hello.
I'm a student from Youngmin University.
The director asked me to drop off this chair.
Oh, I see.
You can put it there. Please give me a minute.
I'll give you coffee.
Sure.
Are you selling this chair?
Yes.
Then I'll buy it.
How much is it?
That's for you to decide.
You should read this sign.
(Furniture for sale)
(Customers decide the price.)
How can I decide the price?
Sir, can you just tell me how much I should pay?
Please don't call me like that.
If I decide the price,
the shop director will get mad at me.
The shop director?
The shop works on DIY woodwork projects.
I promised the director.
Oh, there he is.
Sir.
She keeps asking me to decide the price for her.
Hello.
Please don't do that.
Just follow the instructions on the sign.
I'll pay 100 dollars.
100 dollars?
No, 200 dollars?
I'll pay 300 dollars.
Miss, it looks like you need some time.
Tell us when you make up your mind.
You can tell the cafe owner over there.
Okay.
Oh, boy.
Oh, my gosh!
You were home.
What on earth are you doing here? Go.
- What's the problem? - Go on.
- Seriously. - How did you find me?
I thought I made it clear to you.
I don't want to tell you how I found you.
You blocked my number, didn't you?
That's why I had to come here.
What would you have done if I wasn't home?
If you weren't home?
I was going to bring...
this 20,500 dollars to your parents...
and tell them to take good care of their daughter.
- What? What did you say? - I'm convinced that...
you didn't get this money through normal means.
- Look. - You know that I talk...
for a long time once I start, right?
You better wait since I started talking first.
Don't cut me off.
Gosh, I'm sick of this.
I was just going to take the money,
but I couldn't turn a blind eye knowing...
this would ruin your life. That's why I came back.
I must return it to you.
- Well... - I'm not done yet.
I'm not giving this back because it's worthless.
I'm doing it out of noblesse oblige.
Noblesse oblige. Got it?
Hey, stop!
Hey!
Stop!
Gosh, this is more difficult than I thought.
You want to catch me?
You took so long.
- How did you beat me? - I took a shortcut.
I live in this neighborhood.
- Gosh. - Watch out.
Unless you're willing to tell me where it's from,
I refuse to accept that money.
Goodness.
This is the police, right?
I'm in front of Joy Church in Daebang-dong.
Please come here as soon as possible.
What are you doing now?
A weird guy followed me into my house.
I owe him 20,000 dollars.
I paid him back, but he keeps refusing the money.
I'm really scared right now.
Gosh, I'm taking it back. I'm taking it, okay?
Ji An, what's going on?
- If he comes back... - I will not come back.
I'll be there right now.
No, it's okay. You don't need to come.
It's sorted out now. It wasn't a big deal.
Why are you still here?
I won't care even if...
you have to sell organs because of this money.
If you show up here or contact me ever again...
I will not show up or contact you.
Never, ever!
You'll never see me again.
I'm so sick of dealing with you.
Goodbye, then.
Goodness.
I bet she put her parents through a lot of trouble.
Gosh, she's so tough and stubborn.
I really can't stand her.
Wait.
What? Where did it go?
Oh, no.
Ji An.
This cafe sells furniture made by students...
studying furniture woodworking in college.
The people who want to buy the furniture pieces...
have to decide the price they want to pay.
This chair is all handmade.
I looked it up on the internet,
and the prices vary so much.
If I don't want to look clueless,
how much should I say?
Oh, one more thing.
Mr. Sun doesn't work at an interior design company.
He has an online shop for DIY furniture.
You're not my sister anymore. I'm serious.
She's such a bad girl.
(Hyuk)
I'm sorry, Hyuk. I forgot to call you back.
What?
I'm on the way to your house.
You don't need to come. It was nothing.
I was just putting up a show.
I couldn't really call the police.
I'm coming to your neighborhood. Hang on.
A 50-cent coin?
(Contact list)
(Dad)
Ji An would...
never go just to become rich.
You said you scared her.
You said those people would make us pay...
for not telling the police that we found her.
That's why she said she'd go.
I heard...
you're a day laborer.
You make 1,500 dollars a month by manual labor...
while pretending to work at a distribution center.
What on earth can you do for Ji An?
So did I ever let my family starve?
I'm the only one who's fine just by not starving.
And I'm just barely holding it together.
I may be okay, but Ji An is not.
What Ji An really needs is not three meals a day.
But we can't just steal from someone else.
This is theft.
It's us who's doing this. It's just you and me.
Why wouldn't I do that to make my child happy?
If I get caught, I'll go to jail.
We only need to stay silent. How hard is that?
What? Conscience?
How much is it? How much does it cost to keep it?
For me, it's worthless!
I shouldn't have told you the truth.
I should've told you after Ji An left.
I trust Ji An.
I trust my daughter.
Must you...
have it your way?
Must you really do that?
Have it your way.
But if you stop her from leaving,
you and I are finished.
I'll leave this house!
Then...
please be in good health.
Message recorded.
(Dad)
Every alley looks just the same.
What on earth are you doing here? Go.
- What's the problem? - Go on!
I must've dropped it there.
Never, ever!
You'll never see me again.
Gosh, that's it. I'll just call for service.
Gosh, what's this? Oh, my goodness!
What? I stepped on dog poop. Really?
Unbelievable.
Seriously.
I should call the service center.
What? Where's my phone?
I just can't believe this.
My goodness.
I've tried to think that you'd have a reason.
But I can't wait anymore.
I know you're going through something.
It's not a big deal. And it's already over.
You heard that. He said he'd never come back.
You talked about 20,000 dollars. What is it about?
- Hyuk. - Tell me, or don't leave.
Don't even try to say that I don't need to know.
The day we met each other again.
I had an accident that day.
You wouldn't understand.
But I felt like I'd die...
if I didn't give him the money.
And where did you get the money?
I borrowed the money from someone.
Who would lend you that much money?
I think that's enough.
It's not dangerous. Don't worry.
Why didn't you tell me?
Why would I tell you about that?
Sunwoo Hyuk.
Why do you care so much?
Do I look so miserable?
Why do you think...
I'm doing this for you?
What?
Why do you think I care about you so much?
Hey, stop it.
You were acting too odd.
You were acting too odd to ignore.
You sounded like you were in big trouble.
Is that why you came all the way here?
That may be a reason,
but it's not the only reason.
This is the worst day of my life.
Can I use your phone?
What are you talking about?
Hey.
Can I use your phone?
I'll pay you. Can I make one phone call?
What if you run away with my phone?
Run away?
Gosh, the people are getting hard-hearted.
A cellphone doesn't cost that much.
Hey, Mr. Old Friend.
Take that call. It's getting on my nerves.
But I felt like I'd die...
if I didn't give him the money.
Excuse me.
Well...
Can I borrow your phone?
That's my car,
and my phone's locked inside.
Can't you open a door?
If it's your car, get your phone.
Well, I lost my car keys too.
Why should I lend you my phone?
To open the car door,
I need to call the insurance company.
You have a lot of money.
You could buy another key.
What?
No. You could break a window and get in...
since you're rich.
Your insurance should cover it. Don't argue.
You're blocking a road during rush hour,
and you look too nice.
I think we met before.
We did meet before.
She had a boyfriend.
Shall I lend you my phone?
No thanks.
Did you give her the 20,000 dollars?
Unbelievable.
Tell me where you got this money.
I'll only accept it then.
Why would I tell you that?
A loan, organ donation,
or working at a bar. It's none of your concern.
Wait.
Did she not tell me on purpose?
Did she just make fun of me?
Hello.
You're leaving tomorrow?
Call me if something comes up.
Who do you expect to clean that up?
I'll come home every other day.
"Home"?
Seo Ji An, you only have one home.
Just one home.
I have to think of the parents who lost me.
Say you're going for the money.
If I say that,
will you feel better?
I thought about what you said.
You had a hard time because of me.
Was it just me?
There's Ji Ho too.
You gave him an allowance...
after he went back to college.
You must've felt so wronged.
But guess what? No one told you to do that.
You did it yourself.
Stop it, Ji Soo.
You're not usually like this.
You'll regret saying that after I leave.
Why would I regret?
I said we're over if you leave,
and you're packing your things.
It's over between us.
What I can't forgive is that...
you're going when you don't have to.
If your parents are so rich,
they won't let you search for a job.
Even if you want them to,
would they let you after they get you back?
And you're still going.
That's why you're no longer my sister.
I am.
- You're not. - I am.
You are not!
Ji An...
My goodness.
Are you two fighting?
You're home early.
I heard you're leaving tomorrow.
Ji Tae's home too. He wants to have a beer.
I'm not going.
Let's go.
Ji Soo, won't you...
What are your plans once you move in?
You won't have to go back to work at Haesung.
I haven't thought about that yet.
It's all so sudden.
I hope you study abroad.
It's your chance to resume dreaming again.
Mom said that and now you too?
I'd never thought about it since I'd given up art.
Ji Tae, I think...
I'd forgotten about it for so long.
It doesn't feel real at all.
But if I can do it,
I want to.
It's not an "if".
You can do anything you want.
You're rich now.
Had I known,
I'd have been nicer to you.
Will you stop it? I'll come home often.
I was...
too busy with my own life.
I thought we should care for ourselves.
I ignored everyone else.
Ji An.
Don't forget about us.
I'm so sorry, Ji Ho.
You too, Ji Tae.
I'm so sorry for...
I'm sorry for saying I'd leave so soon.
I'm leaving you for a better life.
I'm leaving you behind.
I really wasn't going to go.
I'm so sorry.
Don't cry, Ji An.
Don't cry.
Who cares if you're leaving?
I would if I were you.
Our mom.
Our dad.
Dad isn't answering his phone.
Ji Soo, have breakfast.
I'm not hungry.
Where are you going?
Don't you know I work on Sundays too?
Ji Soo.
This is very unexpected.
Here's your favorite. Sausages.
Do you think I'm a starved baby?
Watch yourselves.
Leave her alone.
She's so serious.
The real issue is that we don't take her seriously.
I say she won't last a week.
So do I.
All right.
Dad, Dad.
- Dad! - Run.
- Dad! - An and Soo.
- Dad! - Oh, dear.
Hello, hello.
Dad, this is you.
Doesn't it look exactly like you?
Did you carve this?
With the German carving knives you got me.
They're really sharp.
We ran freaking hard to get home before you.
"Freaking"?
Why are you out here instead of coming in?
Dad's tired.
Come inside, honey.
That looks so good.
If only Ji Tae were here with us.
No way. Soldier boy eats too much.
He eats even before the meat's ready.
Honey, open your present.
Darling.
These are emeralds. I wanted sapphires.
You said Columbia produces the most emeralds.
I thought that's what you wanted.
I have two emerald necklace and ring sets.
Ji An, Ji Soo.
Can you carry one each?
How dare you ask your sisters?
Can't a soldier carry his own bags?
It's unfair that we have to serve in the military.
Out of my way.
Move, move.
Honey, we should get a six-seater for us all.
Mom, the best trips are the train kind.
Yes, the best trips are the train kind.
That's right.
Mr. Seo?
- Shall we go? - Let's go, Mr. Seo.
Who do you take after that you're both so tall?
It's all down to me. I fed them good food.
- That was hard. - That was too hard.
- Take that! - Not so hard!
This is how you do it.
We were like that. Those were the good days.
We were happy then.
This is the hottest set of our new line.
No.
What do you think about this?
Have you lost your touch, Ms. Song?
This set is a bit expensive but...
It's a limited edition. Actress Son Ye Jin...
Are you saying she's better than...
whoever I'm getting this for?
Are you seeing someone?
That's a definite no.
You have such a poor imagination.
A single man shopping for a woman must be dating?
No, no, no.
It's not your mother's taste, so...
A girlfriend or mother?
Do you think a man has only two groups of women?
That's how poor your imagination is.
Above Son Ye Jin. Jun Ji Hyun, a mom of two.
She's incomparable.
This is purely a subjective view.
I'm not at all demeaning them.
Of course not.
Who on earth could this woman be?
That's...
a secret.
Do you have anything else?
Let me take that for you.
Don't come out. I'll see myself off.
Would you if you were me?
I guess not.
Take care of yourselves.
I'll visit often.
Go on. They'll be waiting.
Okay.
Thank you.
Nice to meet you.
I'm General Manager Min. I work for Mr. Choi.
I see.
Hello. I'm Seo Ji An.
Get in the car, miss.
Bye, Mom. See you.
Bye.
Take care, Ji An.
Take care of yourself. Call when you're there.
See you.
Why are you all out here?
Didn't you go straight to Daejeon?
Are you here to see Ji An?
She just left...
in that car.
Dad!
Ji An!
- Miss. - Yes?
When you get home,
don't introduce yourself as Seo Ji An.
Then what do I say?
You are Choi Eun Seok now.
I'm not sure.
Ji An!
Drive faster. They'll be waiting.
Sure.
Ji An!
Ji An.
Ji An...
There's everything she'll need for now.
What do you think?
I like everything...
but the curtains.
- What about them? - Get blackout curtains.
She'll have a hard time...
falling asleep in this unfamiliar room.
Why? The mattress is fine and the bedding...
Oh, I see what you mean.
I saw her bedroom when I was there.
I can't believe two girls shared it.
This room could feel dauntingly big.
We're here.
Okay.
Thank you.
Leave it.
Mr. Myung will bring them in.
Oh, okay...
Mom, Dad.
I got a present for Eun Seok.
What did you get?
I wasn't sure what she likes.
I got scented candles and incense for her room.
Well done.
Dad.
Yes. Well done.
I'm seeing a sister I've never met before,
so I'm really nervous.
Why are you two so tense?
What's taking her so long to get here?
Stop right there.
What are you doing in my house?
"My house"?
(My Golden Life)
This is horrible.
Introduce yourselves.
I'm Choi Do Kyung. Never mind.
Welcome back.
I'm your brother.
I shouldn't have come.
Dad, I'll treat you nicely instead of Ji An.
I'm your real daughter.
I'm your read daughter.
Dad collapsed while chasing after you.
He was following your car, but you ignored him.
Hey, Seo Ji An.
Do I have to earn your trust if I'm from outside?
Of course.
It's fine.
It's hard to be your brother.
You don't have to do this.
Who do you think I am?
What?